Good morning here is pure again today
I would like meat salad like from
make butcher
a recipe that michael in terms of it into
we are always using this network
our thermomix always prepares
first comes the meat sausage no the
have ever been in 3 cm long pieces
has previously cut the sausage acts
we need the meat sausage first
make a small first only three very short
seconds then you have to see if you
The meat just needs to be a bit finer
the whole on level 5
with the look in it's the size
here it is in order so you can
see
the meat is finely cut the
we need to decant now
what we mean now rider
Crush the rest through it
we all need those here
together for the meatier country as
next we have ours
preparing gherkins
but I have in 3 10 meter pieces
Cut and put in the left pot
we once played the lid
on it three seconds
and this time only step 4 out and shows
sometimes you see groups are pieces
Crushed with asparagus there is a
get bit on the upside for now
First our sauce for the month
meat salad made for it would have to now
first 50 groups of water into it
next we want 200 grams
fresh cheese also back to zero
to press
then we need salad mayonnaise the
family of the b 80 km and replaced it
another 50 km 15
then our meatless again
give
close the lid on it again
now we will mix it up and
although ten seconds and that with the left
Run because we just want to stir
do not crush it anymore on the
level four
Now let's have a look
the thing mixed that I time that
just off and I think marks
not need again simultaneously hear the
meat salad looks great
all one would now decant into
a prepared shake
the butcher caught buying
the whole thing is out in this air
shortest time made by yourself
that's how the meat salad looks now
from delicious